My parents are sick
I need money for my tuition.
Just borrow 5,000
I will definitely pay you back when the summer vacation is completed.
It's alright, we're done repairing the tape.
No need to make a single item.
No need to check credit
Just special?
For poor college students like you
Wu Qi, it's a college student like you
Really? That?
When can the loan be made?
What about interest?
Oh, dear.
Can you do it now?
8 cents per day
If there's no problem, just sign it
Okay, borrow it, pay it back.
Is it not difficult to borrow again?
8 cents a day
Can you ask for interest?
You are such a kind person, oops.
We all do campus loans for charity, mom.
Sign it.
OK
Mr. Xu
Yaoyao, our campus loan?
I don't know if you know the rule.
What rule?
Look, our campus loan does not do mortgage.
No guarantee
But we're going to take some pictures
When you don't pay back the money
Hello, do you have a certificate?
Ah ok I'll shoot
Hahaha, it's not like that.
belt
Stripped cards